to die
What's wrong with Mr. Shen?
Go in, let's go
Mr. Shen, how is my grandfather?
Your grandfather is in charge of the Temple of War
perennial campaign
cumulative physical injury
Weak
So destroy yourself
Soon if you don't care
Death in three days
Mr. Shen, please save my grandfather
Your grandfather sacrificed all virtues for loyalty and filial piety
I will not stand idly by
Put these 5 copper coins on grandpa's forehead respectively
palms of hands
Double Tap Cup
Give this pill to the master
I will go to the beautiful place
You are not okay with the landlord hahaha
Hey Mengyao
You're an emergency.
When will you dare to take the life of the middle and lower god of war?
In the hands of a charlatan
rubbish